README.adoc, before:

= Skelton structure for Python projects
:icons: font
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]

CAUTION: First replace all NAME occurrences by final project name

== General OOP Guidelines
NOTE: Based on https://www.amazon.com/Learn-Python-Hard-Way-Introduction/dp/0134692888[Learn Python 3 the Hard Way] from Zed Shaw (Author)



. Write/Draw about the problem:
.. Notes + Drawings + Descriptions
.. In english paragraphs
.. Or extensive Drawings

. Describe each situation with https://uxdesign.cc/better-stories-with-job-story-3467de354f45[Job Stories] alike (nouns + verbs)

. Extract key concepts from Job Stories
.. list nouns
.. list verbs

IMPORTANT: Document yourself with analog situations, programs, technics, etc.

[start=4]
. Create a Class Hierarchy Tree
.. Class all nouns by asking:
... What is similar to this?
... What is basically another word for?
```
* Noun
* Noun
    * Noun
    * Noun
```

[start=5]
. Map all verbs in the tree
.. What actions are needed based on verbs list?
.. What do I need in addition to achieve that?
```
* Noun
    - Verb
    - Verb
* Noun
    - Verb
    * Noun
    * Noun
```

[start=6]
. Copy-paste the tree in your IDE and make it run with empty statements attributes.

[source,python]
----
class Noun:
    def __init__(self):
        pass
----

[source,java]
----
public class Noun {
    public Noun() {
        ;
    }
}
----

[start=7]
. Make unit tests to match the descriptions

CAUTION: Don't avoid it!

[start=8]
. Start coding
. Repeat and Refine

Commit message:

Add commands for starting a new python project

README.adoc, after:

= Skelton structure for Python projects
:icons: font
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]

CAUTION: First replace all NAME occurrences by final project name

== Start a new Python project
. Install python 3
. Update pip
- `curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py | python3`
. Install virtualenv
- `pip install virtualenv`
. Go to your dev folder and make a project folder in it
- `mkdir my_awesome_project` -> go in it `cd my_awesome_project`
. Start a new python env
- `virtualenv -p python3 venv`
. Active your environment
- On UNIX: `source ./venv/bin/activate`
- On Windows: `.\venv\Scripts\activate`
. For deactivation
- Simply type `deactivate`
. For further installations you can simply run
- `pip install pytest`
- `pip install django`
- and so on...

== General OOP Guidelines
NOTE: Based on https://www.amazon.com/Learn-Python-Hard-Way-Introduction/dp/0134692888[Learn Python 3 the Hard Way] from Zed Shaw (Author)



. Write/Draw about the problem:
.. Notes + Drawings + Descriptions
.. In english paragraphs
.. Or extensive Drawings

. Describe each situation with https://uxdesign.cc/better-stories-with-job-story-3467de354f45[Job Stories] alike (nouns + verbs)

. Extract key concepts from Job Stories
.. list nouns
.. list verbs

IMPORTANT: Document yourself with analog situations, programs, technics, etc.

[start=4]
. Create a Class Hierarchy Tree
.. Class all nouns by asking:
... What is similar to this?
... What is basically another word for?
```
* Noun
* Noun
    * Noun
    * Noun
```

[start=5]
. Map all verbs in the tree
.. What actions are needed based on verbs list?
.. What do I need in addition to achieve that?
```
* Noun
    - Verb
    - Verb
* Noun
    - Verb
    * Noun
    * Noun
```

[start=6]
. Copy-paste the tree in your IDE and make it run with empty statements attributes.

[source,python]
----
class Noun:
    def __init__(self):
        pass
----

[source,java]
----
public class Noun {
    public Noun() {
        ;
    }
}
----

[start=7]
. Make unit tests to match the descriptions

CAUTION: Don't avoid it!

[start=8]
. Start coding
. Repeat and Refine
